Oct 22 20

Acer Liquid Z220
Released: Apr 2015

RIP my laptop 2015-2020
Acer
i5-6200U
12GB RAM
2.3GHz
Touchscreen
RIP laptop 2015-2020

You are so dumb
You are really dumb
For real

After a frustrating time trying to fix the preparing automatic repair loop,
I formatted my hard drive and it's dead now
Can't even reinstall Windows 10 on it
Yeaaaahhhh facepalm this dumbass
Well there wasn't much hope in recovering the laptop. System restore never worked on it, for example
But man why didn't I think of at least trying to save some files first?!?
Not like I could save much since my USBs are only ~15GB
Don't think it's worth fixing
Battery sucks (only an hour to hour and a half before it needs recharging)
Dead screw
The screen cable went faulty too

Lost access to emulators and playing GT and Helios :'(
Gotta get used to living without my gacha games and daily gem hoarding D:
And I will be very sad to miss a potential Gray event skin/order
...until I get a device that can play Helios
I only got A3 now. Funny enough, I was originally planning on dropping A3 but now it's the only game I can play on my outdated phone
Talk about low requirements. guess I'll be sticking another year with it xD
Neo ain't a gacha but it has dailies. I might put it on another hiatus since it's frustrating to play on mobile
I ended up using my desktop that had saved bookmarks but it isn't really convenient :/

Seriously it feels like a break up??
I am in a grieving stage ;;

Data lost & rebuilding

I did lose the concept drawing of Dani :(
But I'm glad I didn't lose anyone else, since they're on MediBang cloud
Well gonna redraw and practice Dani"s tricky pose again...
Lost a bunch of other art. The most important stuff is on cloud, but still... sketches for TDW, all gone. :/

I'm glad to backup my story ideas for ADC
I think it's just Eli's notes that I gotta re-add

Very glad to have a backup of my passwords, but I did change IG and Gmail just recently so... Shit. What did I change them to???

Gmail
3....5....j.....
Nice to have a mashup of things I can remember :D

IG
No fcking clue
Can try N pass
Ot email reset

My website files are hosted on tumblr/GitHub. I think I lost all the previous versions though :(

Lost a ton of mostly unimportant videos. They were all mainly of games. Lost all my A3 screenies and game notes D:

Lost some songs. I got some on this phone that I should backup. I discovered Spotify is free so it's great, so Imma grab the songs again from there and rebuild. I also discovered my desktop stereo mix ain't too bad (while my laptop one wasn't so good anymore) so Imma use that while I can
Lost lyrics. I can find them again on the net but I did lose my translations/trans lyrics. Not that there was much. Plus Believe is already translated.

Lost all in-progress covers and recordings
They mostly sucked tho
I didn't do much lately so it's not too bad
Starting from scratch is a pain tho...
Lost the ability to record pretty much. Can use desktop if I really need to.

My bookmarks are probably hit the hardest. Maybe I should be backing them up... Just gotta find everything again.

Lost a ton of random documents and images. Can't say anything was noteworthy besides maybe the taxes (d'oh). Well, can always start from scratch. I lost my kill/cure info but it's not like I'm writing or anything :/ lost some updated neopets info. But it's just a game so :p

Well losing so many files is like your house burning down, but without a devastating effect on your living condition. Worse things can happen. I just gotta accept it and move on.


I want a new laptop
Touchscreen is cool but perhaps less features = longer lasting??
Or maybe iPaaaaaadddddd or Maaaaacccc
---

Tumblr Jun 23 20

Tumblr ideas

Sidebar
Bullets
Ex. Homepage, about the team, cast, ask, likes, archive

Bullets enlarge on hover
Bullets further away disappear ) less affected by mouse
Could take up entire height with set width
Heght has a background for empty space
But this effect only works on desktop?
Mobile version - have only three bullets max. scroll effect with focused bullet being the largest. Bullets at end can be centered with empty space above/below
Hide menu under popup/slide in out panel
Could have slight forward motion upon click and colour change

Looping set of bullets???

Cursor
The one seen in the trailer
.hover could be diamond shaped

Buttons
Like - health heart
Rebkog - ? Green Timer

Wanted buttons to display in top right like in trailer

Colour scheme

Colours seem mostly darker
Banner is red vs green with black fade
Logo is mostly white with magenta glow
A white bg can help alleviate the dark colours (default)
Posts are also with a light bg
Top of posts black BG (ui) with trapezoid shaoe

Cast page
Could transition like in trailer (diamond - trapezoid - rectangle)
Could implement sample voices, sample videos

Options ?
Different themes (light, dark)
