Just now

Disclaimer
This series is fiction but contains a different perspective.
It focuses on the characters who do not conform to what most consider to be "normal" in society.
Therefore not everyone is going to like it
Please uninstall if you do not agree with these views
This media does not harm others or promote hate.
I believe in the right to free speech.

Do not play if you are not comfortable with these views



Content warning

This project deals with mature themes.

Implications of sexual activity
There is no full nudity or explicit content.
Characters may talk about sexual topics, but genuinely and not in a NSFW way.

Dystopia
Capitalism
Consequences of climate change
Fantasy vs. reality
Suicide, Suicidal thoughts
Death of a loved one
Life after death, spiritual world
Mental health
Abuse - domestic, sexual
Addictions
Discrimination
Women's struggles - Misogyny, patriarchy
Sexual orientation - gay, lesbian, bisexual, asexual people
Gender critical views
Detrans
Gender Non-conforming children

This series does not promote hatred towards any groups of people.
It offers a different perspective that is aimed at a female audience.
It features a cast that doesn't conform to "normal" society nor "gender ideology".
I believe in the right to free speech.

Please read over the project disclaimer and content warning.
I understand if you don't wish to participate for any reason. At the very least, I would appreciate a response whether or not you are interested.
Thank you for your time.


--

Jul 20 21

Start off with Eddy who subsequently unlocks Mike, Sam, Ami, and Dani
New characters can be pulled from gacha that you pay Kay with love (there's just over 30 to unlock not counting extra post game characters)
You can get dupes, unsure what bonuses it adds
Eventually all characters can be unlocked by either gacha or in game achievements
Kay's game will consist of only html/css art (likely pixels)

Relationship cards - get revealed as that character gets closer to another. Example:

Eddy has 12 possible known relationships
??????      ??????      ??????
??????      ??????      ??????
??????      ??????      ??????
??????      ??????      ??????

Eddy will have these initially revealed (all shows as friends)
Mike         Sam          Ami
Dani          (Kay)        ??????
??????      ??????      ??????
??????      ??????      ??????

Not sure yet if all possible characters should be shown or noted at once. Probably yes to help with collecting.
What to do about the missing character? Should it be made obvious that Kay is missing? Since he is that only one...

Sex and Gender stuff

Dani identifies as nonbinary, is intersex female
Nae identifies as nonbinary, is biologically female
Winter identifies as female / trans woman but is biologically male (transgender)
Holley used to identify as trans male, but has detransitioned. She has now accepted herself as a biological female.
Everyone else is either male or female without question

Orientation stuff

Aromantic: Roger

Asexual: Jared
Gay: Eddy, Roger, Rory, Rian
Lesbian: Nae, Anna, Roxy, Holley
Bisexual: Jay, Ruby, Russell, Kathy

Implied bisexual: Kay
Implied bisexual or lesbian: Phoenix

Notes

Ruby's illness makes her behave like ace, although she wasn't inherently asexual

Noah is attracted to femininity; he's one of few who wouldn't mind dating a trans femme or NB as long as they looked feminine (and not like... a man wearing a wig)

Anna is similar to Noah; wouldn't mind dating a trans femme or NB and likes women

Would rather avoid the ridiculous term "pansexual" but if it means to include trans/nonbinary persons... well no one actually is this...

There are a few unconfirmed characters who never state outright their orientation: Kay and Phoenix. As they can be involved in a same-sex relationship, they are speculated to be bisexual or homosexual, but who knows...

Most others are straight or not important :p

=======================

Fake summary

Love is in the air! Be a cupid and help pair up anime characters in this cute matchmaking game.
The lovable Dani and gloomy Kay are there to help you learn how or how not to love.

Reality

Kay is developing a video game in the fourth dimension for wandering spirits to play to relieve their boredom/gaming addiction. The game is based off of the real world he observed omnipresently and people he knew, but the setting is a fictional paradise of peace and happiness. He looks for feedback to improve his game. But things are not as they seem...
Kay also made an AI of Dani to help promote his game as well as keep him company. He wishes he could have known Dani better when he was alive.
Kay is neither dead nor alive - rather limbo as if he was in a coma. He is suffering (generally loneliness and existential crisis) during his time in the fourth dimension. He is not necessarily starving like many of the other spirits because the Eddy from his "non-existent" timeline is praying and offering food for him.

Real summary

The world is ending.
We've failed to sustain our planet.
And now the children must suffer the consequences.
Make every day count.
Also, you're probably better off not pairing at least half of these characters together.
Not that it matters.

==============================

List of characters who try to hit on/flirt with/make a suggestive remark about another character, but the other party isn't interested

Roger -> Eddy (one time. uninterested in a fling)
Roger -> Jay (ongoing) (uninterested but still friendly)
Roger -> Ivan (one-time. doesn't swing that way, also found Roger creepy)
Russell -> Eddy (several times. uninterested in those only after a person's looks/body)
Anna -> Phoenix (several times. Anna isn't Phoe's type, who calls her 'little girl')
Eli -> Jared (high school ongoing) (finds her immature and shallow)

New ideas (Oct 11/20)

Carson - potentially ace, giving him another similarity to Jared. Or potentially in a relationship with Ashleigh. idk yet. In general, he's not really a romantic type of guy. He's also a 'foil'-ish character to Roger; they're both 'lone wolf' types but Carson is portrayed more positively and healthy. And obviously quite opposite of Ivan as they are contrasts of each other.

Ivan - at first glance a pretty typical guy, has similarities with best friend Jay and opposites with his other best friend Carson. He is fated to die early, but that doesn't mean he has to be shallow. One unique thing about him is his braid. Can be compared to Mike who's only unique outward trait is his (brightly coloured) hair, but nothing else about them are similar. I think he'd be someone who doesn't conform to gender stereotypes and wouldn't expect others to do so either. Another unique thing is that he's the only one who truly loved the high school Elisha. They knew each other since young and he's okay even with her immaturity, because he himself is immature. He was willing to grow up and mature together with her. It is arguable as to who is affected by his death the most. I'd say it affected Elisha the most, as she practically does a 180.

Noah - bumped to supporting, on the same level as Jared. He always was kinda going to have a smaller presence than Jay's group... his situation with disliking his sister for being overweight can still be shown. And it's possible that Noah and Phoenix is no longer a thing, because Phoenix is a different character now. Overall he doesn't have a ton of depth so I think being supporting is a good spot for him.

Elisha - the "trap" typical otome protagonist. Outwardly considered pretty, albeit caked in makeup. In reality she is anything but, boasting an obnoxious personality where she thinks the world revolves around her, appearances and conforming to society. She technically has the most love interests (all opposite sex) out of anyone, but two out of four of them are toxic/abusive and one is only available when Eli is all grown up, and is an atypical relationship at that since the guy is ace.  The only male she has a healthy relationship with dies early on. (IvanxEli forever D:) Ivan's passing changed her completely, as she started questioning in anger about life, like what schools should actually be teaching, why she should even be attending school at all, and the meaning of her possessions and materialism. The not-so-pleasant icing on the cake is Eli always teasing Ivan about cutting his long hair since it's "too girly". Ivan never visibly got angry or annoyed by her remarks. It ends up being one of her regrets and she learned all too late that society's expectations of people sucks, and that she hurt Ivan. Deep down she truly cared for him and didn't mean to hurt him.

Eli and Jared - atypical relationship between an "allo" (sexual) and asexual. Jared used to be opposed to even being in a relationship romantically, but has learned to open up and like people more.



Characters likely to be implemented in first version of the game

Dani, Anna, and Kay (4th dimension versions)

Eddy
Mike
Sam
Ami
Dani
Kay

Jay
Ruby
Roger
Anna
Elisha
Ashleigh
Ivan
Carson
Roxy
Rory
Phoenix
Bianca

Side characters may be added in later...?
Jared
Noah
Holley
Russell
Hayden
Maya(?)
All the parents and siblings???

Kay's game may only go up to the end of high school
His 4th dimension version is the high school version of him with an omnipresent mind (basically mature beyond his years), but the Eddy who comes to find him is the adult version.



Smoking

Only allowed in designated areas. They get filtered from time to time sending the filtered smoke to the outside world. Smoking in other places is illegal and subject to fines.

Maya Maru
-gave up on her dream to become a novelist when she was told she didn't have the talent (reaffirmed her low confidence)
-worked in many odd jobs, ended up at a car factory, that's how she met Karl Kanna
-Maya goes as far to admit she is sorry to have had Kay born (after he says he wonders why he was born) but there's nothing that can be done, so Kay accepts the situation instead of guilting his mom further
-Kay blames his mom for not teaching him anything about life. But one thing he admits about his mom is her good heart. That she never held a grudge towards those who put her down, never hated her situation, grateful for the few things she has, etc.

Eddy/Jay
-was considered before, but more as friends. Upon their first meeting Jay already took an interest in Eddy, and even stands up for him when Eli calls him a "fashion disaster". They can be good friends after Ed helps Jay and his friends reconcile with Ivan's spirit. Mainly staying in touch via AKIT, Ed compliments Jay's style often which he likes to hear. But the two are incompatible as Ed points out - Jay wants a physical relationship but Ed does not. Ed thinks Jay's future partner would be lucky to have him, yet Jay thinks the same of Eddy - he is one of a kind.
J: pfft! Haha! And for you to say something like that (is icing on the cake,), you're the one who's special.
--

Jul 2 21

WARNING!!!

Exploring the deepest, darkest depths of evil.

List of explicit content:
Death, gore
Suicide, suicidal thoughts, self-harm
Mental illness
Homicide
Physical and verbal abuse, inflicting harm, torture
Animal abuse
Rape, Sexual Harassment
Sex, Pornography, Prostitution
Drugs, addiction
Hell, Demons, Black magic, rituals

Content limited to one character each:
Cannibalism (Implied. The act of is not shown in graphic details)
A pedophilic character who DOES NOT condone or act upon their urges. The crime associated with pedophilia is not glorified.
Trans-identifying sexualization/fetish

Disclaimer: This is not a pornography/fetish project.
The subject matter in this project is never glorified.
Aa controversial as the project is, it is something that I feel "must be made".
It looks through a different perspective.
My projects contain gender critical views.
Do not audition if you are sensitive to any of the subjects.


I don't care about your appearance, gender identity, etc.
All I care about is your voice, your ability to perform the role, and that you are not a wanted criminal.



Due to the nature of this project, it is difficult for me to reach out to voice actors directly.
If we have worked together before, I definitely appreciate your interest in my projects.
Regardless, all eligible applicants will be given a fair chance during the casting process.



The deadline may be extended if needed. If the casting call does not receive enough suitable auditions in a reasonable period of time, casting will not proceed and the project will be published without voice overs.



Sample audition lines

To hide spoilers, nany of the audition lines are not canon and will not be used in the actual project.

(Despair, Screaming) "My dog! You bastard!! How could you just run him over?!"
"Don't you have a heart?"
"What do you get out of our suffering?"
"Is this just a game to you?!"
"Why would you say something like that?! Don't you see nothing will work? It's hopeless!"
"You're going to get us all killed!"

But never use
"You took... EVERYTHING... from me!"
Apparently it's overused xD
--

Jul 2 21


Another Day,

Blurbs for introducing my OCs

Tumblr is disgusting, full of spam bots.
Note to self: don't use tags like female or girl. Just gross.
I'm just using my Twitter since it's dead otherwise lol. I need more than the two shitty hellholes :p so I just made a MediBang account (why didn't I think to make it earlier lol) so that's a pretty decent place to host a portfolio of sorts, and even challenge yourself with their contests. Only problem is that it doesn't support animations.
I'm gonna use my Instagram again since I should post in multiple places, esp after ditching DA. Even if I don't like using it ><
I will only use pixiv for fan arts of JP originated content due to the JP tags. Posting OCs there is like screaming into a void...

Every one of these starts with
Redrawing OCs for project #ADComma

Dani


Jay
If by himself

"Treat people as human beings first. We're all in this together."
Jay is here to steal the spotlight - and possibly your heart! Paired with an above-and-beyond / chill attitude and love for people, this popular guy's the ideal role model.

Eddy can tell you that spirits definitely exist - at least on planet Alth.
"She's still suffering years later... I can hear her cries of pain. Death is not the end."
Spirits definitely exist on planet Alth, as Eddy can communicate with them.
Is usually seen with a nonchalant look on his face, as if in thought.
Lingers onto the past heavily.
Wears whatever he likes, even if it doesn't match.
Presumed to be a "weirdo" by most of his peers.

Concept art of Eddy, the first OC I created!
He always seems like his mind is in another world, often reacting even when no one else appears to be around...
He is burdened heavily by his rebellious past.



Roxy is a sassy and chill gal to the core
She won't let anyone tell her how she should look.
She has a twin brother who seems completely opposite of her.

Rory seems to be a shy, vulnerable boy who is afraid to open up.
He'll warm up only to those who he can trust.

Phoenix is confident and sassy 
She longs for freedom, to break free from the cage

"Followers are not necessarily friends. In fact, they could also be your worst enemy."
Numbers aren't significant to Sam.
To step away from the limelight, She'll even put on a disguise.

"Don't give up on the world just yet! We all have a duty."
"Even if our school has given up on protecting the environment, I'll still do my part. It's our duty.'

Normally shy and with low self-esteem, The one thing Ami can be confident in is her love of the environment.

"The world is gonna end soon, so it's pointless to do anything..."
Kay claims there is some good in it, such as not needing to hold grudges, since what's the point?
This computer geek is always behind a screen, never showing how he feels.

It's Ruby Janshil, my OC I named myself after! A quiet, blunt girl who lives everyday to the fullest.

Ruby J Shilan is an alias based off of my OC, Ruby Janshil.
My real name is closer to eime. Pretty obvious what it is if you know a little Japanese
--

Apr 27 21

Uhm... Yet another proposed change xD
We might scrap the pedo character
But may still mention abuse as a child

Separately, I was thinking about adding a character that was actually an animal (non-human) while they were alive
Animals can also choose to die. Obviously this behaviour is quite rare, most would want to live
It actually does happen
Animal suicide - reasons include escape from further abuse, death of a loved one
This character would likely take a human-like form but perhaps have some animal characteristics
They may not fully understand the ones who had a human life
Soniea's magic and the limitless fourth dimension allows everyone to be able to communicate with each other regardless of the language they knew

--

Updated cast and brief reason for their suicides:

Teru - depression, drug abuse, trauma of sister who murdered their parents
Kylie - trauma from sexual abuse as a child and teen
Allen - mental illness, having his disability taken advantage of and loneliness (parents basically abandoned him)
Ricky - victim of bullying, depression
Royce - guilt
Milo - victim of homophobia, pessimistic view of life
Emmily (Emil) - depression, ruined body and health from surgery
Maddie - forced marriage, opression and silenced for speaking out
Ross
Ceirrah - guilt
Dorothy - desensitized to the point of despair
Grey
Adriann - willingly killed herself for "science", arguably a victim who was manipulated into it
Brendan - trauma from rape, blackmail, victim of homophobia
Soniea - 

Maddie is going to be rewritten to be a feminist character instead
She tried to stand up for her rights but was silenced and forced to marry by her parents
She would rather choose to die with dignity than to be stuck in an unwanted marriage
She loves children and is a teacher/caretaker
I am bold enough to still write a pedophilic character who does not act upon it, and now that character is MALE
I was thinking of making the character's name a very unique one or a code name so that nobody's name is "tarnished"
And yet, making this character otherwise ordinary would feel more realistic

--

If I made Teru 25 yo instead
That means there wasn't a contradiction in the timeline to begin with
Meaning we'll need a new mystery
This Teru is the one who had a son with Maya (Kay)
But he realized he didn't love her and was just using her, taking advantage of her kindness since she was the one who reached out to him
Upping Teru's age prob means I'll up Allen and Kylie too, but they would still be young-ish
Kylie would be 19 yo
Allen depends on Teru tho... does he die before Teru does??

--

I was thinking about reducing the cast size
Except we kinda can't lol

Teru
Kylie
Allen
Ricky
Royce
Milo
Emmily
Maddie
Ross
Ceirrah
Dorothy
Grey
Adriann
Brendan
Soniea

Regularly there are 14 players
15 if the "planted" player is included
From the current cast, Ross is probably the most blank slate character with no backstory
But if we get rid of him, someone else should take after his appearance
The whole purpose of Ross was to have a completely healthy, strong man subvert the expectations and a support for Maddie
We could probably combine Royce's character with that of Ross' and make Royce also take on Ross' original role

--

Focusing on character interactions...

Emil is full on narcissistic
Has no respect for women
Porn obsessed
Craves attention
His weakness, like most men, is to be laughed at by women and not being taken seriously

So I anticipate a Kylie vs. Emil thing going on

Kylie is a victim of abuse by men and patriarchal society
Her suffering led her to summon a demon beforehand (Denomi,)
But she still would never wish harm on anyone so she didn't fulfill the contract with the demon
Her nickname was "Ice Princess" with her mostly emotionless expression
You can tell she is always a bit scared and weary

In truth Kylie isn't as emotionless as she appears
She can be annoyed at people and roll her eyes
She can get angry and stand up for people she cares about (Allen)
If Kylie does "crack" I think she would be laughing crazily instead
When pushed in a difficult situation, her safety is no longer on her mind. She would be ready and quick to accept death

More about Ceirrah

Oh man, basically dumping all the negative thoughts I've had onto her
She is the peak of jealousy and envy and hate
She would do anything to be famous including stepping on others
She is more concerned about other people being more popular than her

Ceirrah wasn't born with talent. She started singing at a young age and won a talent contest at school. That feeling of being praised and noticed, she craved more and more. So she started to get her music out on social media, but her growth of followers were never as much as she'd like. She hated other artists and collaborators who she helped gaining traction quicker than her. She hated popular musicians too and only pretended to praise them in hopes of boosting her own popularity. She forged her own online persona and brand by pretending to be this nice, humble, underappreciated musician.

She would buy followers and likes, but it would never be truly satisfying.
Then the one thing she regrets the most... Introducing her shy sister to the social media world. Her sister's shockingly angelic voice became an internet sensation, and Ceirrah became even more overshadowed. She ended up hating her sister the most... and would eventually murder her.

She isn't necessarily a narcissist. She's just inherently jealous and hates seeing the success of others.
"Why NOT me?"
"I hate popular people the most."
"Why is it always HER?"

More about Adriann

She's the newest addition to the player cast and I was thinking whether she should stay in as a character
I think her character is pivotal to connecting the first part of the story to the next
She's there to sort of "explain" things

Adriann is the "Ultimate Brainwasher"
She is in her 30's
She has done research pretty much her whole life
Her area of interest is psychology, media consumerism, mental health, and suicide/thoughts
Such as how video games and media consumption can control people
She went as far as killing herself for research (implied there are others to study her death)
In the False World she realised things she'd never think of when she was alive, but obviously cannot "record history" once dead.
She wonders whether this information about death and the afterlife should ever be revealed to the living world

--

Apr 11 21

We are treading on risky territory here...

Winter is a young biological male who has genuine gender dysphoria. He knows he can never be a biological woman, and thst cross dressing as a girl only helps relieve his anxiety. He doesn't advocate for trans rights and only wishes to live in peace and harmony. He isn't fond of activists who are extremists of gender ideology.
He likes girls, and was confused as to what he should be labeled as. He concluded that based on his biological sex, it would mean straight, and laughs at the conclusion that he isn't special whatsoever
He would take hormones and get top surgery throughout the timeline, but doesn't do bottom surgery as he has researched the health risks and dangers. At most, he says he would go through castration but not create a wound in his body

Holley is now a detrans woman (FtMtF)
She is also a lesbian
She had a double mastectomy. Some permanent changes due to hormones have affected her
