May 4 20

Dain Istego Kanze
Dailya Rahera Kanze
Soir Zunir Kanze
Zosya Nina Kanze / Regata
Anda Regata / Kanze
Nien Regata
Orin Regata
Suila Regata

Hele Yume
Yuri Yume

Matt Aere

Donne Listria
May 8 20

So TDW's characters are starting to shape up with their talents and relationships.
I have a choice to make whether to make it a full fledged Danganronpa fan game or stick to the og plan
The thing is, it's not exactly a Danganronpa-like game (besides the death game) due to the timeline thing and magical stuff.
-it doesn't take place in a school setting and the players aren't all students
-theres no mascot (denomi could count?)
- the mastermind is a deity with full power over the players
-the game repeats multiple times, so everyone can be killed, be a killer, or be the blackened
-no trials or murder cases were planned
If it had a DR name, title ideas:
Danganronpa: The Devil Witch
Danganronpa: The False World
Danganronpa: False World

Oh and time to make up some last names
Ofc search these later to avoid having a bad word in a foreign language!!

(There's a totally unintentional pattern with names that all first names (or names gone by) have the letter R or L in them, and anyone without would be part of a twist in the story)

If we split them up:

R team
Teru, Ricky, Royce, Ross, Ceirrah, Brendan

L team
Kylie, Allen, Milo, Emmily, Madeline

Looks like a potential scrum debate thing :p

These guys already had a surname:

Allen Sapphire / Sapphi
Issac Royce
Brendan Maru

Ideas:

Teru Nakang
Soniea Nakang

Kylie Leilo Lorei Lozen Liomo Lioro Loroha
*Ricky Silvex Silvexer Silvexine Silvexter
Milo Dunli Dunlic
Emmily Filesies Filioto Filieri
Madeline Rezat Rejaat Rejat
Ross Adresso Adrisso
Ceirrah Niwas Nowas Newos Newosse

*Ricky can share last names with Karl
Karl Silvex Silvexis

First name for weirdo girl?

Dahlia Dahli
Dah Li Dah Lee
Leah
Daria
Demara Demira
Dessa Dessi Dess
Desiree

I guess I'll call her Desi for now (she needs that R or L tho lol)

Desiree Miortima Morthima Mirthines

---

Player Relationships:

Teru - Kylie - Allen
Allen - Ricky
Allen - Brendan
Ricky - Emil
Royce - Milo
Milo - Emil
Ross - Maddie
Ceirrah - Dorothy
Grey - Dorothy
Soniea - Teru

Player/Deity Relationships?

Teru - Izzy
Kylie - Denomi
Ricky - Lleu

Anyone for Numera?
Maybe thinking of someone to Nevaeh. Allen fits the main char pattern xD but he's pretty important already, so maybe someone else


May 12 20

Continuing on...

Characters [14]
Teru Kylie Allen Ricky Royce Milo "Emmily" Maddie Ross Cierrah Dorothy Grey Adriann Brendan (Soniea)

Order of perspectives (not necessarily linear? So timeline can branch in more than one way)

Teru -> none - Grey - Royce - Cierrah - Maddie - Ross - Adriann (reveal truth of players)
Emmily - Dorothy - Milo - Ricky -
Brendan - Allen - Kylie (reveal Denomi) - Teru & Soniea (end)

Purpose of the entire story
(SPOILERS!!!)
All of the players have one thing in common - they not only are all dead, they all killed themselves, ending their lives prematurely.
They haven't passed on, or haven't faced their pain and suffering properly.
Izzy has definitely set up the timeline loop to satiate her boredom, but her underlying purpose is to help these souls she sees as lost. She honestly doesn't know how to help without giving them the cold, hard truth about their sins and reality, and isolating them to protect them from worser evils in the 4th dimension.
Each timeline loop reveals more about this reality and helps everyone let go and move on.

1st timeline
Protagonist: Teru, none
Blackened: none

Brendan's suicide
Teru killed by Cierrah
Kylie, Allen voted to die (W: Milo)
Emmily killed by Adriann
Milo voted to die (W: Dorothy)
Royce killed by Ross
Maddie, Ricky lose
Dorothy loses
Grey wins

2nd timeline
Protagonist: Grey
Blackened: Emmily

Brendan's suicide
Teru killed by Cierrah
Kylie, Allen voted to die (W: Milo)
Ricky killed by Emmily
Ross voted to die (W: Dorothy)
Milo killed by Dorothy
Grey and Adriann lose
Maddie loses
Winner is Royce

Explanation:
Fate is changed when Emmily is saved from being murdered by Adriann. But the twist is that Em turns out to be just as capable of murder herself, being the blackened in this timeline. She betrays Ricky's trust but doesn't get away with it. Then, Grey convinces the 2nd game's winner, Dorothy, to vote for the eventual 3rd murderer, Ross, over Milo to prevent the 3rd case from happening. But Milo continues to disturb the peace, provoking everyone including Dorothy who never trusted him. The next winner will be Royce, who is a good POV to go with early on. He has the ability to prevent Teru's murder from the beginning with just a simple warning.

3rd timeline
Protagonist: Royce
Blackened: 

Brendan's suicide



May 17 20

I dreamt of a new character
He's a skater boy, late teens
Wears a cap backwards
Has messy blonde/orange hair with bangs mostly covering eyes
Personality? Usually relaxed and chill, though can lose his cool in a dangerous or panicky situation.
Seems to harbour many regrets, but keeps them to himself in a locked box in his room.
Has a little brother/sister

"Ultimate Vandalizer"

Possible names
Jay, Jason, Jaydin, Jalen, Jaylen, Jared, Jaren (or similar)
Harold, Harris, Harrison (or similar)
Gary, Gray, Grayson

I'm liking Gray for him so far, it will be his placeholder name and possibly "official"

"Skater boy" is one nickname
Also he won't be involved with Teru much
Gets shocked if he learns of Ricky's "talent" and would probably react the same for a lot of the players' secrets.

Ceirrah, the Ultimate Overshadowed Artist, Forgotten Artist, Jealous Artist, Talentless Singer

Her main trait is being jealous of others.

Tldr
She spent her whole life practicing singing and writing music, only to find her loves-to-cook sister come out of nowhere and is already better at singing than her
She becomes jealous and enraged as she is Overshadowed
She killed her sister with poison (etc) and went to jail

She regrets hurting her sister and wished she died then instead
She has a short fuse, but also gives reasonable arguments

Maddie

"Ultimate Pedophile"

Kind, gentle, caring
But
Secretive, gets upset if exposed
Keeps a cool head even when under pressure

Grew up fairly normally, didn't have an abusive childhood or anything. She knew something was wrong with her in her late teen years when she never felt any attraction to men (adults), but did for young boys.

Works at a nursing home. Her dream was to be a teacher or nurse, but she has sworn to never work in a place where children frequent.

She found it difficult to seek therapy. Some wouldn't even believe her, thinking there's no way a woman could have pedophilia, let alone the stigma associated with it.

Her family is traditional and constantly pressure her to find a husband and settle down. Her sister had already done so and had a son and daughter. Maddie constantly has to make excuses not to see her nephew and niece.

One day Maddie's sister needed a babysitter, and eventually Maddie had to agree or she'd damage their relationship. She tells the kids that they have a loving family and that nothing is wrong with them, and maintains distance between them.

Maddie relies on fictional porn to help give her an outlet, but she became tempted by real CP and managed to download some. She was able to restrain herself from opening the files at the last moment, realising this will hurt the victims. She ponders about all the victims just so that people like her can get off of their sadisticness.

Days later the police arrive at her door as she becomes incredibly paranoid (or she may have just hallucinated it).

Maddie lived single until her death by OD.
In her suicide note, she wrote "You will never understand, but some things are better not known."



Killing order

There are different timelines so orders and blackened vary

Characters [14]
Teru Kylie Allen Ricky Royce Milo "Emmily" Maddie Ross Ceirrah Dorothy Grey Adriann Brendan (Soniea)

1st timeline (start game)
Teru is the decoy protagonist of this timeline. Basically in this timeline, important/mysterious characters die off quickly to save their backstories for later. The murderers also seem evil and cold-blooded, but later timelines will reveal depth to them.
Brendan kills himself (doesn't count as part of the game) [13]
1st case: Teru is murdered by Ceirrah [12]
(Involves smoking outside balcony, where he was pushed off)
Ceirrah looks like a bad guy with anger management issues
Ceirrah is sentenced to death [11]
1st game: Allen and Kylie are voted for by the majority and face death [9]
2nd case: Emmily is murdered by Adriann [8[
(A calculated murder, Adriann remains unfazed)
Adriann is sentenced to death [7]
2nd game: Winner is Dorothy. Milo is voted for by the winner to die [6]
3rd case: Royce is murdered by Ross [5]
Ross is sentenced to death [4]
3rd game: Maddie and Ricky lose and face death [2]
Final game: Dorothy loses.
Grey is the winner.
(Grey is a good neutral character to start off the series of time loops. He remains a supporting character but is nonetheless important)

2nd timeline
Ceirrah is the blackened
Ceirrah is murdered by ?

After the pattern becomes apparent, twists can occur such as two murders + executions, more suicides, no murders, and mass murder
Also the blackened isnt necessarily someone who was executed in a previous timeline

Timeline X
Kylie was the winner of the previous timeline
She senses a demon watching - Denomi true form reveal

Timeline Y
Allen was the winner of the previous timeline
Allen convinces Brendan to live
Brendan sacrifices himself in a mini-game instead

Timeline Z
Teru was the previous winner
Soniea is now a player



Someone could have died from a suicide pact, which is a little unusual
Probably not due to a cult, but an online agreement


Format of a typical timeline is
1st case (1-2 victims, 1-2 executed)
1st game - majority rules (1-2 winners, 2 losers)
2nd case
2nd game - 1 winner votes for 1 person to die (1 loser)
3rd case
3rd game - survival (1 winner, 1-2 losers)
If there are more than 2 players, continue to play survival games until there are two.
If there is only one survivor, they automatically win.
Final game - prisoner's dilemma? trust and betrayal. If trusting, players are given opportunity to choose who wins

Winners get to choose an advantage
A weapon that can kill
Information or secrets
