Jul 1 19

"Fine. I don't need your help. Don't force yourself to stay here."

"I don't have a purpose."
"I wished that I wasn't born."
"I didn't choose to be born."

"Even if I have an ability it doesn't matter, I'm useless anyway..."
"It's only a bandaid to the problem at most."
"I want to try making use of it somehow..."
"Maybe it can save a suicidal person, but I'd need to be with that person constantly. I don't know how long it would help for either. How long can you prolong someone's life for?"

(After emotional breakdown, took picture)
"... ... ..."
"...Hey."
"I know you took my pic while I was in a... mess."
"It's only for collecting purposes, right? So you better not share it with anyone else."

(Did not take pictures)
"...Hey."
"Thanks for not, uh, taking pictures while I was in a... mess."
"Since I was the one who gave you it as a purpose for the game, you can have it... for collecting purposes only. Don't even think about sharing it with anyone else!"
"T-thats all..."

Jul 19 19

Those super annoying, frustrating little things that try to trick you into accidentally spending your premium currency which you have so little of as f2p because the game is super stingy with free premium currency...

What if there are some characters who constantly push for something? For example, Elisha constantly wants to grab Jared's attention, even if Jared doesn't normally acknowledge her and there aren't exactly any love rivals. (I guess in this case the player has to either push Eli away from Jared to get her with someone else/focus on something else, or encourage it to help her, else she likely doesn't get any guy) This could probably be done with characters that have multiple love interests to make things more interesting.
Ideas for pushy characters?
Eli > Jared
Mike > Sam
Tony > Sam
Dani > Anna
Holley > Anna
Jay > Ruby
Eddy > Kay (Secret, also Kay isn't affected unless he has high affection, so isn't usually noticed)

These pushes can change depending on relationships etc.

Some characters at the beginning of the timeline are already dating another, but are prone to breaking up as time passes.
Some (possible) relationships will never work out in the end, no matter what the player does.
Tony/Autumn : fated to break up quickly
Russ/Mendi : has a chance to stay together, or break up and reconcile, or break up altogether

As for Kay's payment...
Wait one moment. Maybe the player is a bored spirit (unaware of their death?) that is seeking the next gacha game to play. You find Kay who is making such a game.
**Maybe give the player different ways to respond to form a personality and even history. Etc. "Gacha games are life" vs. "I'm a casual player". This may be just an "aesthetic" change in the way characters talk to you

The game starts off with only the main AC characters (minus Kay himself) so you need to pay Kay to unlock more characters randomly (that he'd have to program into, it's a lot of work to create a unique AI and make corresponding changes!)

This is parodied when you find out you're a spirit and, even with a wallet, have no currency of your own that Kay can accept.
Kay proceeds to point out that real world possessions are worthless in the 4th dimension (him being unable to touch money), as demonstrated by Denomi.
So you have to "work" for this otherworldly currency by giving your love! You gain love by paying attention to the current characters (as a spirit you only have so much influence, you can't interact with them, only send your thoughts)

Perhaps another mode, like Undertale's Genocide path, would be where you hate some or all of the characters instead of loving them. It could potentially make things interesting!
For example, hating Kay (by ignoring him completely) would get his worst ending.
This makes me think now... if the player is able to love ALL chars (agape), they would need to have very high love, unlocked the postgame gacha characters, balance out the character puzzles, etc. That could be another endgame goal if the player wishes to achieve it.

Character puzzles - they represent the different paths that character can take. For example, a love puzzle can influence the Char's most likely love interest depending on how often that love interest's name/image/item appears in it. The player can move/slide the puzzle around to change the potential love interest.
There could be Multiple puzzles (friends, love, future aspirations), or one puzzle for several things which would add complexity
There could be bad or unwanted things in the puzzle which can be eliminated by the player.

Apr 10 20

Postgame

The timeline ends...
"Shock" factor where everyone is suddenly gone.
Alth isn't inhabitable by any living being anymore. Whoever remains of the richest people in their domes will eventually falter to isolation.
There isn't anywhere for the souls to go.

Eddy can explain it...
He also has a heartfelt hope, from the spiritual energy of everyone, that they will someday return, no matter how long it will take for Alth to regrow...
But for now, a long rest. Everyone will slowly forget their previous memories and identity and take the simplest form of a soul.

Eddy (postgame)

"I know I'll be able to find a way out of this dimension. If you'll still be around like you did for Kay, I'd appreciate any help."
"I'll have to rely on help from the spirits."

"Kay really did love everyone, even people he's never met..."

"That's a random question... well, people don't need to be defined by labels and such. I like to call myself an honest, friendly guy who takes good care of his family!"

"The spirits told me about my step brother... I've always wanted to meet him! And so I came here."
"Not even death'll do us part! I'll look for you even in the afterlife. Even if you don't exist in the timeline, even if I don't know what you look like."
"I won't let anyone do the same thing my mother did. I won't let you be alone."

"Cancer is developed from the many vengeful spirits of animals that were slaughtered to be eaten, shed of their right to life. To cure it is not of science, but to ask for forgiveness and to do something meaningful."

"They still weep. The ones who took their own life prematurely, and have nowhere to go."
"My mother... even now she cries in pain and loneliness. How could even the sanest man cope?"

"It's not his fault. I understand how my father feels... losing his brother and then wife... I have to be there for him as much as I can."

---

Denomi

Perhaps he speaks strangely and vaguely.

One who wishes to exist no more in their timeline shall be spirited away to a place where the timeline repeats on and on, seemingly never-ending for a mere mortal.
...shall be erased from their timeline and  transported to a realm where none aknowledges their existence.

One who has connected with 50 spirits of alternative timelines shall return to where they once came from, without memory of the fourth dimension.
